docs/_index.md, before:

# Claude Code Starter - Meta Project Index

**Project:** Template Development Management
**Created:** 2026-01-16
**Purpose:** Manage evolution of claude-code-starter template

---

## Active Epics
| ID | Name | Status | Progress | Active Task | External ID |
|----|------|--------|----------|-------------|-------------|
| E001 | integrate-context-checkpoint | ⚪ ready | 0% | None | — |

## Active Standalone Tasks
| ID | Name | Status | External ID |
|----|------|--------|-------------|
| — | No active tasks yet | — | — |

---

## Quick Resume
**Last worked on**: E001 - integrate-context-checkpoint
**Command**: `/work:resume E001` to continue

---

## ID Counters
```yaml
next_epic: E002
next_standalone_task: T001
```

---

## State Legend
| Emoji | State | Description |
|-------|-------|-------------|
| 📝 | draft | Created, not fully defined |
| ⚪ | ready | Defined, waiting to start |
| 🟡 | in-progress | Active work |
| 🔴 | blocked | Waiting on dependency |
| 🔵 | review | Code complete, in review |
| 🟢 | done | Completed |
| ⬛ | archived | Closed and archived |

---

## External ID System
```yaml
system: none  # This meta-project doesn't need external tracking
project_key: ""
```

---

## Project Context

### What We're Building
- **Template Name:** claude-code-starter
- **Template Location:** `./claude-code-starter/`
- **Current Version:** Initial release
- **Goal:** Production-ready template for Claude Code projects

### Current Focus
**Integration:** workAt70Percent context checkpoint system

**R&D Location:** `./workAt70Percent/`

**Integration Goals:**
1. Add `/check-context` command to work management suite
2. Replace standalone task.md with *-context.md files
3. Include context-monitor hook in template
4. Auto-generate next steps at 70%+ context
5. Maintain backward compatibility

---

## Progressive Disclosure
<!--
This file is Layer 1 - Overview of all template development work
- Layer 2: Epic/Task context files with full details
- Layer 3: Research, specs, R&D projects
-->

---

**Last Updated:** 2026-01-16

Commit message:

feat: Integrate context checkpointing and related infrastructure
- Added hook configuration for context monitoring in hook-config.json.
- Created archive index for E001-T001 task and its subtasks.
- Developed context setup task (E001-T001) with detailed objectives and requirements.
- Established check-context command task (E001-T002) with requirements for context usage checks.
- Integrated work commands with checkpoint awareness in task E001-T003.
- Updated templates for checkpoint functionality in task E001-T004.
- Documented context checkpoint feature in task E001-T005.
- Implemented testing and verification plan for checkpoint system in task E001-T006.
- Created epic E002 for context handover and cleanup with initial setup.

docs/_index.md, after:

# Claude Code Starter - Meta Project Index

**Project:** Template Development Management
**Created:** 2026-01-16
**Purpose:** Manage evolution of claude-code-starter template

---

## Active Epics
| ID | Name | Status | Progress | Active Task | External ID |
|----|------|--------|----------|-------------|-------------|
| E001 | integrate-context-checkpoint | 🟡 in-progress | 25% | T002 | — |
| E002 | context-handover-and-cleanup | 📝 draft | 0% | None | — |

## Active Standalone Tasks
| ID | Name | Status | External ID |
|----|------|--------|-------------|
| — | No active tasks yet | — | — |

---

## Quick Resume
**Last worked on**: E001-T001 - infrastructure-hook-setup (implementation complete)
**Command**: `/work:resume E001-T002` to continue with next task

---

## ID Counters
```yaml
next_epic: E003
next_standalone_task: T001
```

---

## State Legend
| Emoji | State | Description |
|-------|-------|-------------|
| 📝 | draft | Created, not fully defined |
| ⚪ | ready | Defined, waiting to start |
| 🟡 | in-progress | Active work |
| 🔴 | blocked | Waiting on dependency |
| 🔵 | review | Code complete, in review |
| 🟢 | done | Completed |
| ⬛ | archived | Closed and archived |

---

## External ID System
```yaml
system: none  # This meta-project doesn't need external tracking
project_key: ""
```

---

## Project Context

### What We're Building
- **Template Name:** claude-code-starter
- **Template Location:** `./claude-code-starter/`
- **Current Version:** Initial release
- **Goal:** Production-ready template for Claude Code projects

### Current Focus
**Integration:** workAt70Percent context checkpoint system

**R&D Location:** `./workAt70Percent/`

**Integration Goals:**
1. Add `/check-context` command to work management suite
2. Replace standalone task.md with *-context.md files
3. Include context-monitor hook in template
4. Auto-generate next steps at 70%+ context
5. Maintain backward compatibility

---

## Progressive Disclosure
<!--
This file is Layer 1 - Overview of all template development work
- Layer 2: Epic/Task context files with full details
- Layer 3: Research, specs, R&D projects
-->

---

**Last Updated:** 2026-01-17
